Adds experimental features and OCI storage (#179)
rancher/fleet-docs: docs/oci-storage.md

# OCI Storage

## Summary

> `Fleet` stores by default the bundle resources in etcd twice. This is done via the k8s API and there is a size limit, depending on the etcd configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet stores by default the bundle resources in etcd twice. This is done via the k8s API and there is a size limit, depending on the etcd configuration.
```

This feature will allow users to choose an OCI registry as storage for bundle resources. The bundle resource will have an empty resource list and a reference to the OCI repository server. The bundledeployment will not point to a content resource, but to an OCI repository server instead.

> When using this feature the bundle resources are stored once, in the configured OCI registry, and `Fleet` won't be tied to possible `etcd` size limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using this feature the bundle resources are stored once, in the configured OCI registry, and Fleet won't be tied to possible `etcd` size limitations.
```

> This might me interesting for users that either need to store big `Bundles` and could also be seen as the first step for a `OCIOps` feature in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This may be interesting for users who need to store big `Bundles`, and could also be seen as the first step for an `OCIOps` feature in the future.
```

> Once the OCI registry is enabled, `Fleet` will use it as the source for storing `Bundle` resources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the OCI registry is enabled, Fleet will use it as the source for storing `Bundle` resources. 
```

> Once the OCI regitry is enabled `Fleet` will use it as the source for storing `Bundle`'s resources. 

Reviewer: I think we could drop the possessive here:
```suggestion
Once the OCI registry is enabled, `Fleet` will use it as the source for storing `Bundle` resources. 
```

> It won't fallback to the default `etcd` version when something fails accessing the OCI registry. The user will get an error in that case to fix the possible error. 

Reviewer: The second sentence looks awkward. Where will that error appear?
How about something like this?
```suggestion
When Fleet can't access the OCI registry, it won't fall back to default `etcd` storage. Instead, it will log errors so they can be fixed.
```

## Configuring the OCI registry

OCI registry values should be configured as an extra section in the `GitRepo` yaml.

> There are the fields involved:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the fields involved:
```
